Add documentation on using Simplisafe secret alerts in triggers (#35640)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/simplisafe.markdown

        last_event_type: doorbell_detected
```

> ### Using Secret Alerts for Sensor Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using secret alerts for sensor changes
```
We use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/using-type/use-sentence-style-capitalization) also in headings

> For cases where the default poll time of 30 seconds is too long for creating automations, you can use Secret Alerts to get push notifications of a sensor being triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cases where the default {% term polling %} interval of 30 seconds is too long for automations, you can use secret alerts to get push notifications of a sensor being triggered.
```
This adds a reference to a [glossary](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/glossary/) term. It will show up as a tooltip.

> Steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable secret alerts for sensor changes, follow these steps:
```

> - Enable the secret alert for the device in the Simplisafe App
> - Make a note of the serial number of the device (it should be in the top, left corner on the page where you set the alert)
> - use the following event trigger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable the secret alert for the device in the Simplisafe App.
2. Make a note of the serial number of the device.
    - You can see it in the top-left corner of the page where you set the alert.
3. Use the following event trigger:
```
